Second 2.
Answer is: 0
Correct parsing: true
ae,ace,abef,abcfg,abceg,bcdeg,abcefg,abcdfg,acdefg,abcdefg, abcfg,bcdeg,abcefg,abcdfg
bf,abf,bdfg,abcde,adefg,abdef,abdefg,abcefg,acdefg,abcdefg, bdfg,bdfg,adefg,abcefg
cf,bcf,cdef,bcefg,bcdeg,abefg,abcdeg,abcdfg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,8,8
bd,bdg,bcdf,acdfg,abceg,abcdg,acdefg,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdefg, bdg,bcdf,abcdg,abcdg
ab,abe,abcg,bcdef,acefg,abcef,acdefg,abdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, 1,abe,abcg,acdefg
be,bce,bdeg,cdefg,abcfg,bcefg,acdefg,bcdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, cdefg,bcdefg,bcdefg,8
bd,bcd,abdf,abcef,cdefg,bcdef,abcdef,abcdeg,abcefg,abcdefg, abdf,bcdef,abcefg,8
ef,cef,abef,bcdfg,abcde,bcdef,acdefg,abcdef,abcdeg,abcdefg, 1,cef,abcde,8
eg,efg,adeg,abcef,abdfg,abefg,bcdefg,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdefg, efg,abdfg,bcdefg,8
ad,adf,adeg,cdefg,abcef,acdef,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,acdef,acdef,8
eg,deg,aceg,bcdeg,abcde,bcdfg,abdefg,abcdef,abcdeg,abcdefg, 1,1,deg,aceg
de,deg,acde,abdeg,abceg,abdfg,abcdeg,abcefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,deg,abdeg,abcefg
bg,abg,bcfg,adefg,abdfg,abcdf,abcdef,abcdfg,abcdeg,abcdefg, abg,abdfg,adefg,8
be,bef,abeg,abcdf,acefg,abcef,abcefg,acdefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, abeg,abeg,acefg,bcdefg
ab,abc,abef,bcdfg,abcdf,acdef,abcdeg,acdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,1,abcdeg,8
ac,acf,abcd,bcefg,abdfg,abcfg,acdefg,abdefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,1,acf,8
be,bde,abef,cdefg,bdefg,abdfg,abcdeg,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdefg, bde,abef,abdefg,8
ac,acf,abcg,acdfg,abdfg,cdefg,abdefg,abcdef,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,abcg,abdfg,abdefg
bf,bef,abcf,bcdeg,bcdef,acdef,acdefg,abcdef,abdefg,abcdefg, acdef,bcdef,acdef,abdefg
bd,bdg,abde,bdefg,adefg,bcefg,abdefg,acdefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, bdg,bdg,abcdfg,abcdfg
eg,deg,aefg,acdeg,acdef,abcdg,abcdef,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, 1,deg,deg,acdefg
eg,efg,abeg,acdef,abdfg,adefg,abdefg,abcdfg,bcdefg,abcdefg, efg,abdefg,abcdfg,8
ab,abe,abcg,bcdef,acdeg,abcde,abcdeg,acdefg,abdefg,abcdefg, abe,abdefg,acdefg,abdefg
ce,cde,acef,bcdef,abcdf,bdefg,abcdeg,abcdef,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,bcdef,bcdef,abcdf
eg,beg,aefg,bdefg,bcdfg,abdef,abcdeg,abdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,abdef,bdefg,abdefg
de,deg,bcde,acdeg,acefg,abcdg,abdefg,abcdfg,abcdeg,abcdefg, bcde,abcdg,abcdg,abdefg
cf,acf,cdfg,acdef,adefg,abcde,abdefg,acdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, 1,abdefg,abcefg,abdefg
ac,acf,abcg,acefg,adefg,bcefg,abcefg,abcdef,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,acefg,8,8
af,aef,abdf,adefg,bdefg,acdeg,bcdefg,abcefg,abdefg,abcdefg, aef,adefg,bdefg,abcefg
fg,bfg,cefg,abceg,abefg,abdef,abcdfg,abcdeg,abcefg,abcdefg, cefg,cefg,abcdeg,abcefg
bg,bfg,abcg,abdef,abefg,acefg,acdefg,bcdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, abcg,abdef,abdef,8
bc,abc,bcdf,acdef,abcde,abdeg,abcefg,abcdef,acdefg,abcdefg, abc,abdeg,acdef,8
ae,aef,abde,acdef,abcdf,cdefg,abcdfg,abcefg,abcdef,abcdefg, cdefg,abcdf,abcefg,abcefg
bf,bfg,bdef,acdfg,abdeg,abdfg,abcefg,abdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, bdef,bdef,bdef,acdfg
ce,ace,cdeg,abceg,abcfg,abdeg,abcdef,abdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, cdeg,abdeg,abdeg,abcdef
fg,cfg,bdfg,abcdf,acdfg,acdeg,abcefg,abcdfg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,1,bdfg,abcdf
be,bde,abce,abcdg,bcdeg,cdefg,abcdfg,abcdeg,abdefg,abcdefg, abce,abcdg,abcdfg,abcdeg
bd,abd,bcde,abceg,adefg,abdeg,abcdeg,abcefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,bcde,8,8
dg,adg,bdfg,abcde,abcdg,abcfg,abcefg,acdefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,bdfg,abcdg,abcdg
eg,deg,aefg,acdeg,abcdg,acdef,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,deg,abcdg,acdef
ab,abd,abcf,abcde,bcdeg,acdef,abcdef,acdefg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,bcdeg,abcdef,8
fg,dfg,befg,abdfg,abcdf,abdeg,abdefg,abcdeg,acdefg,abcdefg, befg,abdeg,acdefg,8
af,afg,abcf,abdeg,abdfg,bcdfg,abcdfg,acdefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,abcf,bcdfg,bcdefg
be,bde,befg,bcdef,acdef,bcdfg,bcdefg,abcdeg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,befg,acdef,8
ac,acf,aceg,acdfg,adefg,bcdfg,abdefg,acdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, acf,acf,acdfg,abdefg
bc,abc,bcde,abefg,abcef,acdef,abcdef,acdefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,acdef,abefg,8
ad,ade,abdf,bcdef,acdef,acefg,bcdefg,abcdeg,abcdef,abcdefg, abdf,bcdef,abcdeg,abcdef
df,def,abdf,bcdeg,bdefg,abefg,abdefg,acdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, abdf,abdefg,acdefg,8
bf,bef,abfg,abcef,abcde,acefg,abcefg,acdefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,abfg,acdefg
ad,abd,adfg,abefg,bcdef,abdef,abcdeg,abcefg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,adfg,abefg
bd,abd,bdef,acdeg,abefg,abdeg,abdefg,abcefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,abd,abd,abdefg
bd,bdg,bcde,abceg,adefg,abdeg,abcefg,abcdeg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,bcde,abcdeg,8
cf,cef,acfg,bdefg,bcefg,abceg,abcdeg,abcdef,abcefg,abcdefg, 1,cef,acfg,8
bf,bef,bdfg,acdef,abdeg,abdef,abcdeg,abdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, 1,bdfg,abdefg,abcefg
be,bde,befg,bcdef,bcdfg,acdef,abcdfg,abcdeg,bcdefg,abcdefg, befg,abcdeg,abcdfg,8
ad,adf,acde,abcdf,abcef,bcdfg,abdefg,abcefg,abcdef,abcdefg, adf,abcdf,abcdef,abdefg
ef,bef,acef,bcdeg,abcdf,bcdef,abdefg,abcdef,abcdfg,abcdefg, bef,bcdef,bcdef,8
cd,bcd,acde,bcefg,bcdeg,abdeg,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, bcd,acde,abcdeg,8
ac,acf,aceg,acdef,bcdef,adefg,abcdfg,abdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, 1,acdef,bcdef,abdefg
ag,acg,abdg,acdeg,acdef,bcdeg,abcdeg,abcefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, acg,bcdeg,8,8
bc,abc,bcdg,acefg,abcfg,abdfg,abcdfg,abcdef,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,abcfg,acefg,abcdfg
ef,bef,acef,abdfg,abceg,abefg,abcdeg,abcefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,acef,abefg,bcdefg
ce,bce,acde,bcdeg,abdeg,bcdfg,abcefg,abcdeg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,bce,abdeg,abdefg
bc,abc,bcfg,acdeg,abdfg,abcdg,abcdef,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdefg, abc,bcfg,abcdfg,abcdef
be,bde,befg,adefg,abcdg,abdeg,abcdef,acdefg,abdefg,abcdefg, bde,bde,abcdef,acdefg
ag,afg,acdg,cdefg,abcef,acefg,acdefg,bcdefg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,afg,acdg,cdefg
bc,abc,bcef,abcfg,acdfg,abefg,abcdeg,abcefg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,bcef,abcfg,abcfg
af,aef,acfg,abcde,abcef,bcefg,bcdefg,abcefg,abdefg,abcdefg, acfg,acfg,abcde,abcefg
be,bde,abef,abcdg,abcde,acdef,acdefg,bcdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, bde,abcdef,bcdefg,8
af,aef,abdf,abcde,abcef,bcefg,acdefg,abcdef,abcdeg,abcdefg, abcde,abcef,abcdef,abcdeg
ae,aef,abde,abefg,bdefg,abcfg,bcdefg,abdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, 1,abefg,bdefg,8
ac,acg,abcf,abdeg,bcefg,abceg,bcdefg,acdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, abceg,bcefg,acdefg,bcdefg
dg,dfg,cdeg,abefg,bcdef,bdefg,abcdef,abcdfg,bcdefg,abcdefg, cdeg,cdeg,abcdfg,abcdef
ac,acf,abcg,acdfg,abdfg,cdefg,abdefg,abcdfg,abcdef,abcdefg, abcg,cdefg,8,8
cg,acg,bcfg,abdfg,acdfg,acdef,abcdfg,abcdeg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,abdfg,abdfg
ef,aef,defg,abceg,abdfg,abefg,abdefg,abcdfg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,abdfg,abefg,abdefg
bd,bdf,abcd,abdef,adefg,abcef,abcefg,bcdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,abcd,abdef,abcefg
fg,efg,adfg,abefg,abceg,abdef,abcdef,bcdefg,abdefg,abcdefg, adfg,adfg,abefg,bcdefg
bc,bcg,abce,abdfg,abcfg,acefg,bcdefg,abcefg,acdefg,abcdefg, bcg,acdefg,acdefg,8
ag,aeg,abcg,abefg,abcef,bdefg,abcdef,abcefg,acdefg,abcdefg, abcg,abcg,abcg,abcdef
be,bce,abef,bcdef,cdefg,abcdf,abcdfg,abcdef,abcdeg,abcdefg, 1,1,abef,abef
de,ade,defg,acefg,acdef,abcdf,abcefg,acdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, ade,abcdf,acefg,abcefg
eg,efg,abeg,adefg,abdfg,acdef,bcdefg,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdefg, efg,adefg,abdfg,bcdefg
de,deg,acde,abcdg,bcdeg,bcefg,abcdeg,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdefg, deg,abcdg,abcdfg,8
ad,acd,adeg,acefg,acdfg,bcdfg,acdefg,abcdef,abcefg,abcdefg, 1,adeg,8,8
cd,cde,cdfg,bcdeg,bcefg,abdeg,abcdef,abcefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, bcdefg,abcefg,abcefg,8
fg,cfg,bdfg,acdef,abcdg,acdfg,abcefg,abcdeg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,abcdeg,abcdeg,8
be,beg,bdef,adefg,abcfg,abefg,acdefg,abcdeg,abdefg,abcdefg, adefg,adefg,abdefg,8
dg,deg,bcdg,abefg,abdeg,abcde,abcdef,acdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, bcdg,bcdg,acdefg,8
cf,cef,acfg,abcef,abdef,abceg,abcefg,abcdeg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,acfg,abdef,abcdeg
dg,cdg,bdfg,acdfg,acefg,abcdf,abcdef,abcdeg,abcdfg,abcdefg, cdg,abcdeg,abcdef,abcdeg
cf,bcf,acfg,abcdf,abcdg,abdef,abcdfg,abcdeg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,abcdf,abcdg,bcdefg
bc,abc,bcde,acdef,abefg,abcef,acdefg,abcdfg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,1,1,8
cf,acf,cdfg,acefg,abceg,adefg,abcdef,abdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, 1,abdefg,8,8
ac,ace,acdg,acefg,cdefg,abefg,abcdef,acdefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,ace,cdefg
eg,efg,bceg,acefg,acdef,abcfg,abdefg,abcefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,efg,abcefg,8
dg,bdg,acdg,bcdeg,abceg,bcdef,abcefg,abdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, bcdeg,abdefg,8,8
ad,adf,acde,abcfg,cdefg,acdfg,abdefg,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, 1,adf,acde,acdfg
ae,abe,acef,abdef,abdfg,bcdef,abcdef,abcdeg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,abdfg,8
ef,aef,cdef,abcde,abcef,abcfg,abdefg,abcdef,abcdeg,abcdefg, 1,cdef,abcef,8
ad,adf,adeg,abcef,cdefg,acdef,acdefg,abcdfg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,adeg,8,8
ce,ace,bceg,acdfg,abdeg,acdeg,abcdeg,abdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, bceg,bceg,abdeg,abcdef
df,def,bcdf,acefg,abcde,acdef,abcdeg,abcdef,abdefg,abcdefg, def,bcdf,acefg,abcdef
eg,ceg,abeg,acdeg,abcde,acdfg,abcdeg,abcdef,bcdefg,abcdefg, ceg,abcde,abcde,abcdeg
cf,bcf,acfg,abcef,abceg,abdef,abcefg,abcdeg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,bcf,acfg,bcdefg
be,beg,bdef,bcefg,abcfg,cdefg,abcdeg,acdefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, bdef,acdefg,acdefg,acdefg
ce,cef,acde,cdefg,bcdfg,adefg,acdefg,abcefg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,cef,acde,cdefg
ag,afg,adeg,bcefg,acdef,acefg,abcdef,abcdfg,acdefg,abcdefg, adeg,acdef,abcdfg,8
bg,bdg,bceg,bcdef,acdfg,bcdfg,abcdef,bcdefg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,acdfg,bcdef
bc,bcd,abcf,abdeg,abcde,acdef,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,bcd,abdeg,abdeg
cf,cfg,bcdf,abcdg,adefg,acdfg,abcefg,abcdfg,abcdeg,abcdefg, cfg,cfg,cfg,bcdf
ac,acd,acef,abcdf,bcdfg,abdef,abdefg,abcdeg,abcdef,abcdefg, acd,abdef,abdefg,abcdef
ef,bef,adef,abcdf,bcdef,bcdeg,abcefg,abcdfg,abcdef,abcdefg, bef,bcdeg,abcdef,8
ab,abe,abdg,bcefg,adefg,abefg,abdefg,abcdef,acdefg,abcdefg, acdefg,acdefg,abcdef,abcdef
eg,beg,defg,bcdeg,bcdef,abcdg,abcdef,bcdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, beg,abcdg,bcdefg,8
de,cde,adeg,abcdf,acefg,acdef,acdefg,abcefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, acefg,acefg,acdefg,8
bd,bdf,bdeg,abdef,abcef,adefg,abdefg,acdefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,bdf,abcdfg,abdefg
ab,abe,abfg,abdef,bcdef,adefg,acdefg,abcdeg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,abdef,abcdeg,8
fg,bfg,aefg,bcefg,abceg,bcdef,abcdfg,abcdeg,abcefg,abcdefg, bfg,aefg,abcdeg,8
ad,acd,abdf,abcef,cdefg,acdef,abcdef,abcdeg,abcefg,abcdefg, acd,abdf,acdef,abcefg
cg,cfg,aceg,adefg,cdefg,bcdef,abdefg,acdefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, cfg,cfg,cfg,bcdef
de,deg,acde,adefg,abefg,acdfg,abcdfg,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, 1,deg,deg,acdfg
bf,bcf,abdf,bcdeg,bcdfg,acdfg,abcdfg,abcefg,acdefg,abcdefg, abdf,abdf,acdfg,abcdfg
df,def,abdf,bcefg,bdefg,abdeg,abcdeg,abdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,abcdeg,8
ag,adg,aceg,abdef,cdefg,adefg,acdefg,bcdefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, adefg,abdef,abcdfg,bcdefg
cg,bcg,cdfg,bcdef,bcdeg,abdeg,abcefg,abcdef,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,abcdef,abcefg
ef,efg,abef,abdeg,adefg,acdfg,abcdeg,bcdefg,abdefg,abcdefg, efg,adefg,abdefg,8
bf,abf,bdef,abceg,abefg,adefg,abcdfg,abdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, 1,abf,bdef,adefg
bf,bdf,abfg,abcde,abcdf,acdfg,acdefg,abcdfg,bcdefg,abcdefg, bdf,abfg,abcde,8
de,bde,adef,abcde,abceg,abcdf,abcdfg,bcdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,adef,abcdf,8
eg,efg,bdeg,abcef,abdfg,abefg,acdefg,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdefg, abcef,abdefg,acdefg,8
ab,abe,abcf,bdefg,abefg,acefg,abcdeg,acdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, bdefg,acefg,8,8
be,bef,abce,bcdef,cdefg,abcdf,abcdef,abdefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,bef,abce,cdefg
de,ade,bdeg,acdfg,abceg,acdeg,abcefg,abcdef,abcdeg,abcdefg, ade,ade,acdeg,abcefg
df,adf,cdfg,adefg,acdeg,abefg,abcdef,acdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, adf,cdfg,8,8
fg,afg,befg,abdfg,abdef,abcdg,abdefg,acdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, abcdg,abdfg,acdefg,8
eg,deg,abeg,bcdeg,bcdfg,abcde,abcdef,acdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, 1,deg,bcdeg,abcdef
af,acf,adef,abcdf,bcdfg,abcde,abcefg,abcdef,abcdeg,abcdefg, 1,bcdfg,abcdf,abcdeg
ad,abd,acdf,bcdfg,abdfg,abefg,abcdfg,bcdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, abd,abd,acdf,abdfg
ef,efg,adef,abcfg,abefg,abdeg,abcdeg,abdefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,abdeg,abefg,bcdefg
cf,bcf,acef,abcdf,abcde,abdfg,abcdeg,abcdef,bcdefg,abcdefg, acef,abcde,abdfg,8
bg,beg,abfg,acefg,bcdef,bcefg,abcefg,acdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, beg,beg,abfg,8
bd,abd,bdef,abcef,acdeg,abcde,abcdfg,abcdef,abcefg,abcdefg, bdef,acdeg,acdeg,abcdef
de,bde,cdef,bcefg,bcdeg,abcdg,abcefg,abdefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,bde,abcefg
cf,bcf,acfg,bcefg,bcdeg,abefg,abdefg,abcdef,abcefg,abcdefg, 1,bcf,acfg,bcefg
de,ade,cdeg,abefg,abcdg,abdeg,abcdeg,abcdfg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,abcdg,abcdg,abcdef
ae,aef,aceg,acdfg,bcdef,acdef,abcdfg,abdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, acdef,acdfg,acdfg,acdefg
bd,bdf,abcd,abdef,abcef,adefg,bcdefg,abcdef,abcefg,abcdefg, abdef,abdef,abcef,bcdefg
ab,abg,abcd,bdefg,acdeg,abdeg,acdefg,abcefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, abg,bdefg,acdeg,abcefg
bd,bde,abdg,abcde,acdef,abceg,abcefg,bcdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, bde,abdg,8,8
be,bef,abce,abdfg,acdef,abdef,abcdef,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, bef,abce,acdef,acdef
ag,afg,abeg,cdefg,abdef,adefg,abdefg,abcdfg,abcdef,abcdefg, adefg,abdefg,abdefg,abcdef
df,cdf,abdf,bcdfg,bcdeg,abcfg,abcefg,abcdfg,acdefg,abcdefg, 1,bcdfg,bcdeg,abcdfg
af,abf,acfg,abcdf,bcdef,abcdg,abcdeg,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,abf,acfg,bcdef
de,ade,bdef,acdef,acefg,abcdf,abcdfg,abcdef,abcdeg,abcdefg, 1,ade,bdef,acdef
cf,acf,bcef,acefg,abceg,adefg,abcdeg,abcdfg,abcefg,abcdefg, 1,adefg,abcefg,abcdfg
af,afg,abdf,bcdfg,abcfg,abceg,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,abcfg,bcdefg,8
ac,acg,acef,cdefg,acdfg,abdfg,bcdefg,abcdeg,acdefg,abcdefg, 1,acdfg,acdefg,bcdefg
cg,ceg,bcdg,abcde,adefg,acdeg,abcefg,abcdef,abcdeg,abcdefg, bcdg,acdeg,abcefg,8
fg,afg,defg,abcdf,abdeg,abdfg,abcdeg,abcefg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,afg,abcefg,8
bf,bfg,abdf,bcdeg,adefg,bdefg,abdefg,abcefg,acdefg,abcdefg, bfg,adefg,bdefg,abdefg
ef,def,bcef,cdefg,acdfg,bcdeg,abdefg,bcdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, 1,cdefg,abcdeg,abcdeg
eg,beg,defg,bcdef,abcdg,bcdeg,abcdef,bcdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, beg,beg,defg,abcdef
ab,abc,abdg,acdeg,bcefg,abceg,acdefg,abcdeg,abcdef,abcdefg, abdg,abcdeg,abcdef,8
df,def,abdf,acefg,abdeg,adefg,bcdefg,abdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, def,adefg,abcdeg,abcdeg
dg,adg,bdfg,acdfg,abcdf,acefg,abcdef,abcdfg,abcdeg,abcdefg, adg,bdfg,abcdf,abcdef
cf,cdf,acfg,adefg,acdef,abcde,abdefg,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, cdf,adefg,8,8
cf,acf,bcef,adefg,abceg,acefg,abcefg,abcdeg,abcdfg,abcdefg, acf,acefg,abceg,abcdeg
eg,aeg,defg,acdeg,abcde,acdfg,acdefg,abcdfg,abcefg,abcdefg, defg,acdfg,abcdfg,8
ad,adg,abdf,acdfg,cdefg,abcfg,abcdeg,abcefg,abcdfg,abcdefg, 1,abcdeg,abcefg,abcdeg
fg,dfg,acfg,acdef,abdeg,adefg,acdefg,bcdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, dfg,acfg,acfg,acdef
df,def,acdf,bcefg,acdeg,cdefg,acdefg,abcdeg,abdefg,abcdefg, def,acdeg,cdefg,abcdeg
ef,efg,cdef,abcfg,acefg,acdeg,abdefg,abcdeg,acdefg,abcdefg, efg,cdef,cdef,abdefg
df,adf,defg,acefg,acdef,abcde,acdefg,abcdfg,abcefg,abcdefg, adf,acdefg,8,8
cg,cdg,acfg,bcdef,abdfg,bcdfg,abdefg,abcdfg,abcdeg,abcdefg, cdg,acfg,abcdfg,abcdfg
bg,bfg,abdg,abcdf,bcdfg,cdefg,abcdfg,abcefg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,1,abdg,abdg
dg,adg,defg,acdef,abcfg,acdfg,abcdef,abcdeg,acdefg,abcdefg, acdfg,abcdeg,acdefg,8
ae,aeg,adef,abdfg,bcefg,abefg,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, 1,adef,abcdeg,8
bd,bde,bcdf,adefg,abcef,abdef,abcdeg,abcdef,abcefg,abcdefg, bde,abcef,abcdeg,8
ab,abf,abde,bcdfg,abdfg,adefg,acdefg,abcefg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,acdefg,acdefg,8
ab,abd,abef,bcdeg,abdeg,adefg,abcdfg,acdefg,abdefg,abcdefg, 1,1,adefg,acdefg
ef,def,bcef,bdefg,abdfg,bcdeg,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, bcdeg,8,8,8
cg,ceg,abcg,acefg,abefg,acdef,abcefg,bcdefg,abdefg,abcdefg, ceg,ceg,acefg,8
cg,ceg,bcdg,abcde,acdeg,adefg,abcefg,abcdeg,abcdef,abcdefg, 1,bcdg,acdeg,abcdef
ag,adg,abfg,adefg,bdefg,acdef,abdefg,bcdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, adg,bcdefg,abcdeg,8
dg,dfg,bdeg,adefg,acefg,abdef,abcdef,abcdfg,abdefg,abcdefg, dfg,abdef,acefg,abdefg
cg,cfg,cdeg,acdfg,abdfg,acdef,abcefg,acdefg,abcdef,abcdefg, cfg,abdfg,acdefg,acdefg
ad,adf,acdg,abdfg,abcfg,bdefg,abcdfg,abcdef,abcefg,abcdefg, 1,abcfg,bdefg,abcdef
df,adf,bcdf,abcde,acdef,acefg,abcdeg,abcdef,abdefg,abcdefg, bcdf,bcdf,acdef,abcdef
ab,abd,abcf,acdef,bcdeg,abcde,acdefg,abcdef,abdefg,abcdefg, abd,abd,abdefg,abcdef
ad,ade,abcd,abdeg,bdefg,abceg,abcdeg,acdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, bdefg,abceg,abcdeg,acdefg
cg,bcg,cdeg,abefg,abcde,abceg,abcdef,abcdfg,abcdeg,abcdefg, abceg,abcde,8,8
cg,cdg,cefg,bcdfg,bdefg,abcdf,abdefg,abcdeg,bcdefg,abcdefg, 1,cdg,cefg,abcdeg
ad,abd,acde,abceg,abcdg,bcdfg,abcefg,abdefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, acde,abcdeg,abcefg,8
ce,ace,cefg,abcfg,abceg,abdeg,abcdfg,abcdef,abcefg,abcdefg, 1,ace,cefg,cefg
ag,acg,aefg,abceg,bcefg,abcde,bcdefg,abcdfg,abcefg,abcdefg, 1,1,acg,aefg
eg,ceg,aefg,abcfg,bcefg,bcdef,abcdfg,abcefg,abcdeg,abcdefg, ceg,abcfg,bcefg,bcdef
de,deg,adef,acdeg,acdfg,abceg,abcdfg,bcdefg,acdefg,abcdefg, acdeg,acdfg,bcdefg,8
eg,beg,aceg,abefg,abdef,abcfg,abcdfg,bcdefg,abcefg,abcdefg, abefg,abefg,bcdefg,bcdefg
bc,bcf,bceg,bdefg,bcdef,acdef,abcdfg,abdefg,bcdefg,abcdefg, bcf,bceg,bcdefg,abcdfg
